Add dev server for standalone runner which compiles TS at runtime (#386)
gpuweb/cts: README.md

npx grunt  # show available grunt commands
```

### Dev Server

To start the development server, use:

```sh
npm run dev
```

> Then, browse to the standalone test runner at `http://127.0.0.1:8080/standalone/`. If this port is used, the server will print what port it is using to the console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, browse to the standalone test runner at `http://localhost:8080/standalone/`. If port 8080 isn't available, the server will print what port it is using to the console.
```
